README.md, before:

Project Charter
Problem Statement
The problem statement should address these questions:
* What is wrong, not working and not meeting our customer’s needs?
* When and where do the problems occur?
* What is the frequency of the problem?
* What’s the impact of the problem on our customers/business or employees?
* What is the financial impact of the project and/or problem?

Goal Statement
[Increase/Decrease] [Unit] from a baseline of [Baseline] to target of [goal level] by [date projected to reach target levels] 

Scope - First/Last and In/Out
1st Process Step
Last Process Step

In Scope:

Out of Scope:

Business Case & Benefits
The Business Case should address these questions:
* Why is this project worth doing?
* Why is it important to do now?
* What are the consequences of not doing this project?
* How dopes it fit in with business initiatives and targets?

Timeline
Phase	Planned Completion Date	Actual
Define		
Measure		
Analyze		
Improve		
Control		


Team Members 
Position	Person	Title	% of Time
Team Lead			
Sponsor			
Team Member			
Team Member			
Team Member			
Team Member			

Website Fact Sheet

Assets:
Images:
https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1--ELlW3T9qWXOs3DleQXgK8MsCf-BgsJ

Content Copy:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/10umX-Tbj_CBGU2_rmXsXd2-OoOlc54XW_AWMNxNJ6zQ/edit?usp=sharing

Commit message:

Read Me and Services Page Documentation
Updated Project Charter and Service Page Content

README.md, after:

Project Charter
Problem Statement
The problem statement should address these questions:
* What is wrong, not working and not meeting our customer’s needs?
* When and where do the problems occur?
* What is the frequency of the problem?
* What’s the impact of the problem on our customers/business or employees?
* What is the financial impact of the project and/or problem?

Goal Statement
[Increase/Decrease] [Unit] from a baseline of [Baseline] to target of [goal level] by [date projected to reach target levels] 

Scope - First/Last and In/Out
1st Process Step
 Customer Engagement (

Spoke with Sherman back in February about a website and have continued to stay in touch about it.
)

Last Process Step
	Website Delivery {
		We are moving testimonials and FAQ pages into the out of scope section because we do not want to hold up the delivery process.
}
In Scope:
	{
	1. 3 Page Website
		a. Home Page
		b. Services Page
		c. Contact Page
}
Out of Scope:
	(
	1. 2 Pages
		a. Testimonials Page
		b. FAQ Page
		C. About Us Page
	2. SEO
	3. Reviews on Yelp and Google
)


Business Case & Benefits
The Business Case should address these questions:
* Why is this project worth doing?
* Why is it important to do now?
* What are the consequences of not doing this project?
* How dopes it fit in with business initiatives and targets?

Timeline
Phase	Planned Completion Date	Actual
Define		
Measure		
Analyze		
Improve		
Control		


Team Members 
Position	Person	Title	% of Time
Team Lead			
Sponsor			
Team Member			
Team Member			
Team Member			
Team Member			

Website Fact Sheet

Assets:
Images:
https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1--ELlW3T9qWXOs3DleQXgK8MsCf-BgsJ

Content Copy:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/10umX-Tbj_CBGU2_rmXsXd2-OoOlc54XW_AWMNxNJ6zQ/edit?usp=sharing
